Edits to callback functions (#1329)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/authorize-embedded-link.md

|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `onConnection` | Called when a connection   is successfully authorized and moved out of a `pending` state or files are   uploaded.                                                                                                                                    | A `connection` object containing the following properties: <br/>`connectionId` - unique identifier of the connection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `onFinish`     | Called when the user   executes the required steps of the connection flow and clicks the   "Complete" button.<br/> We recommend removing the `CodatLink` component   in this callback.                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: We don't have any documentation on how to actually do this recommendation though?

> | `onFinish`     | Called when the user   executes the required steps of the connection flow and clicks the   "Complete" button.<br/> We recommend removing the `CodatLink` component   in this callback.                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onFinish`     | Called when the user completes all required steps of the connection flow and clicks the   "Complete" button.<br/> We recommend removing the `CodatLink` component   in this callback.                                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `onClose`      | Called when the user   clicks the "X" ("Close") button of the connection flow. <br/>  We recommend removing the `CodatLink` component in this callback.                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `onError`      | Called when an error   occurs in the connection flow, returning the error information. <br/> We recommend   removing the `CodatLink` component only when the `userRecoverable` parameter   is `false`. Otherwise, log the error and keep the SDK rendered. |  An `error` object containing the following properties: <br/> `correlationId` - internal identifier used to track errors within   Codat,<br/>`message` - descriptive error   response, <br/>`errorCode` - numerical code of the   error, <br/> `userRecoverable` - boolean value   indicating whether the error can be resolved by the user. <br/><br/> `correlationId`, `message`, and `errorCode` are optional and may not be available in all errors. |

Reviewer: This is great
